Country decided to introduce tuna alarm to prevent overfishing of bluefin tuna in the Pacific Ocean
For also becomes the target consumers not only fishermen
There was also a fear that we would have to refrain from eating if ordered
Even here at Tsukiji, a specialty store in Tokyo, the amount of flow tuna is sharply reduced
It has become a different type, such as all the Indian Ocean tuna It is also tuna that is here now
The stock of control of the bluefin tuna is comparable to the lowest level in the past
It is estimated to be about 26,000 tons
It is the overfishing of the small juvenile fish that is still the factor
There is in a difficult situation is very resources for representative black bug
Thank you for being strongly asked to buy
About new resource management which national meeting held in working capital is not only member of the Diet
An explanation was given to fishermen
Immature of less than 30 kilograms of the Pacific Ocean bluefin tuna of the target
The catch cap will be 4007 tons a year, which will be half of the average value from 2002 to 2004 from next year
And
This is a country-specific catch Rio
It can be seen that Japan has many catches alongside Mexico
Because it is the largest fishing country and consumption country
You are the leader and you are the leader.
Furthermore, in the fixed net fishing etc., the Japanese coast is divided into six areas and the catch upper limit is set
Warning at 70% of the upper limit sound
Alarm at 90% Alarm at 90% Special Alarm
Announced to fishermen's groups
And when it reaches 95%, it asks fishermen for self-restraint of business establishment
I do not think you but I think we can not be helped even if there Well because I like Japan's number
Ne
Or rather say so
The Fisheries Agency has issued warnings and warnings to help consumers understand the current situation.
We are going to publish on the website of the Fisheries Agency
Pacific bluefin tuna is designated as an endangered species at the International Convention of the Washington Convention 2016
There is also fear and thorough international management is an issue
Ask them to a decent resource management
I have to make sustainable fishery
Announcement of warning to passenger aircraft starting from next year
And sacrificed water village chief has all the fishermen
There as a resource is always recovered if the firm management